---
title: Final Announcements
week: 22
date: 2025-12-04
---

Dear all, as the quarter end, I would like to appriate your effort during the class! We saw lots of great projects and positive feedback in terms of the class. There are some final announcements about the class and maybe future study in data science. 

**Project Final Delivery and All Submissions**: the final deadline for all submission is December 12 (the last day of this quarter). For the project delivery, [please check details on website](https://www.yuehaoyu.com/data-analytics-visualization/projects/#final-delivery). 

**Peer Review (within-group)**: I would like you to report how working with your group members went over the course of the quarter. The expectation is that you worked equally with your partner on the final project. If this was not the case, let me know, and I will adjust grades accordingly. [Canvas Assignment Page](https://canvas.uw.edu/courses/1833875/assignments/10766793). 

**Course Evaluation**: this is a formal university-wide course evaluation. The system will be closed on December 5 (this Friday). Course evaluation is always important to any instructor, and I appreciate your input so we can develop and adjust the course going forward. The link to [the Course Evaluation](https://uw.iasystem.org/survey/312565).

**Future Study in Data Science**: this class intends to be an introduction to data science and we briefly cover lots of aspects: programming in R, geospatial data, visualization, regression, machine learning, and large language models. If you are into any of those topics, I will recommend study online and take classes at UW. 

- Programming
    - CSSS 508: Introduction to R for Social Scientists (1 credit, deep practice in R; difficulty - easy)
    - CSE 583: Software Development for Data Scientists (4 credits, Git, terminal, Python, development process; difficulty - moderate)
- Geospatial Data
    - RE 497/597: Real Estate Data Modeling (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - GEOG 561: Urban Geographic Information Systems (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - SMEA 586: Introduction to Spatial Data Manipulation and Visualization (3 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - CSSS 554: Statistical Methods for Spatial Data (3 credits; difficulty - challenging)
    - CEWA 567: GEOG 561: Geospatial Data Analysis with Python (4 credits; difficulty - challenging)
- Visualization & Data Management
    - CSE 414: Introduction to Database Systems (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - CSE 412: Introduction to Data Visualization (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - CSSS 569: Visualizing Data and Models (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - FISH 554: Beautiful Graphics in R (2 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - CSE 512: Data Visualization (4 credits; difficulty - challenging)
- Statistics / Regression / Causal 
    - CSSS 512: Time Series and Panel Data (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - CSSS 504: Applied Regression (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - STAT 566 Causal Modeling (4 credits; difficulty - challenging)
    - CSSS 509: Introduction to Mathematical Statistics (4 credits; difficulty - challenging)
- Machine Learning and AI 
    - CFRM 521: Machine Learning in Finance (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - CSE 416: Introduction to Machine Learning (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - IMT 598: Epistemological Foundations of AI (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - IMT 598: Low-Code No-Code Development (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - IMT 598: Implementing and Managing AI (4 credits; difficulty - moderate)
    - CSE 517: Natural Language Processing (4 credits; difficulty - challenging)
    - CSE 599: Deep Learning (Computer Vision) (4 credits; difficulty - challenging)
- Seminars
    - eScience Institute (Data Science) Seminar
    - Center for Studies in Demography and Ecology (CSDE) Seminar
    - Center for Statistics and the Social Sciences (CSSS) Seminar

I hope you will have a wonderful winter break and please feel free to contact me if you have any question in the future. Happy holiday!